Yin Yang, you dare to spoil my good deeds
Ye Bingtao
Other families in the Dragon Kingdom rebel against me, Ye Yao is not afraid of you
Then ask him if he dares to accept your investment?
Ye Dong represents Yip's Group
We must not dare to offend him.
The Ye family can pinch our Tian family to death, can we pinch the ants to death?
If the Tian family doesn't even dare to take this risk
What else do you do?
Close the door early
The Tian family is much more protected by me
Has lost the courage to face the crisis
How dare you offend Ye Dong
You won't even be able to be a dog
I accept Miss Ye's picture.
At least I don't have to be a dog anymore
I bet dad
You are crazy and dare to go against the Ye Group
What if it is the Ye Group?
I believe there is Miss Ye's 500 million investment
Our Tian family will definitely be able to survive the disaster
You dare me to bankrupt your family
Ye Bingtao, if you have any tricks, just use them
I follow
Give it to me and wait for us to go
Thank you, Miss Ye.
Saved me again
I'm just in the Upper Salt Mountains
I am also profitable with an investment of 500 million
But
I need to send a representative of the Ye family to settle in your Tian family
Monitor the flow of funds
No problem, the secretary is ready